Add opengraph extension (#39)
humitos/sphinx-extensions: docs/index.rst

      :padding: 1

      Adds the "last updated" date at the bottom of each documentation page (obtained from the Git commit date).
      
   .. grid-item-card:: sphinxext-opengraph
      :img-top: _static/sphinxext-opengraph.png
      :link: https://github.com/wpilibsuite/sphinxext-opengraph
      :padding: 1

>       Sphinx extension to generate `Open Graph metadata <https://ogp.me/>`_ ✨ for each page of your documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Generates Open Graph metadata ✨ for each page of your documentation.
```

* I removed the "Sphinx extension" since all of them are Sphinx extensions
* Removed the link since it does not work because the whole element is a link itself
